[Music]
eleven important signs that you're ready
to become parents other than of course
when the magic wand turns blue having a
baby is a huge and important step for
every couple when we see our friends
adorable kids or play with our nephews
and nieces it may seem like having a
baby is all fun and games well let me
tell you there is another side to the
parents life that no one seems are you
sure that you're ready to overcome all
of the difficulties of it we believe
that you can't predict everything but
there are a couple of signals that may
show whether you're ready to take such a
life-changing role or not they for me it
was the Toxic diaper test but I digress
counting down from number 11 having a
baby is a mutual decision the basis of a
healthy relationship is honesty and
mutual respect
you can't simply ignore your partner's
wishes you are more than just a
biomaterial producer and an incubator
for each other therefore to avoid future
conflict and misunderstanding you should
discuss baby issues in advance make sure
your partner is ready and fully
understands all the responsibilities
that come with being a parent the two of
you need to be on the same page on all
baby and Parenthood related questions
number 10 a baby will not solve family
problems sometimes kids can seal the
cracks in a marriage by drawing the
parents full attention and making them
forget about their fights but the other
side of the story shows that the changes
and troubles that can occur after a
baby's birth might only make a marriage
worse you have to realize that having a
baby is not just some magical answer for
all your relationship problems it's your
job to work out your differences your
child is not a peacemaker but he or she
surely deserves to be born into a happy
family
number nine it's a baby not a perfect
role model you probably have certain
dreams about your child's future looks
and talents
but you should understand that your
unborn baby might not live up to your
standards
a lot of parents make a mistake of
pushing their kids into something they
have no passion for or blaming them for
something they can't help you have to
love and accept your baby whatever he or
she is number eight be realistic about
your abilities a perfect carefree parent
is a rare breed believe me but don't
feel helpless
before you're even started just take off
your rose-colored glasses put up with
your little imperfections and be ready
to work on errors taking care of your
baby will take a lot of time you will
make mistakes like everybody else but it
will all be worth it especially during
Halloween time when you get to steal
some of their candy number 7 don't
change your life to someone standards
the Internet is bursting with
descriptions of the right life criteria
when you must have a baby
what a full family means enough of that
no one can tell you when your perfect
moment comes you'll feel it for yourself
it's you who lives your life and no one
else so don't rush to become a parent
just wait for a time when you feel
excited to enter this chapter of your
life number six correctly evaluate
possible future troubles some couples
anticipate having a baby as an
interesting process you'll have a lot of
fun for sure but troubles and worries
come in the same package we can only
imagine the impact they'll have on
parents mental states don't forget that
having a baby is hard work you'll have
lots of sleepless nights especially in
the early stages so you'd better be
ready and prepare number five babies
come with a wide range of emotions all
babies are probes in creating a balance
between sweetness and raw emotions when
happy parents become too sweet it's time
to spice up the moment so the next thing
you know a beautiful angel is exploring
the world with the delicacy of the Hulk
calm down and accept it and put away all
the valuable and memorable things that
can easily break
number four pregnancy and a nightmare
are not synonyms you don't have to do a
parachute jump to overcome a fear of
heights well I did but that's a whole
nother talk anyway the same rule applies
to being pregnant some worries can be
reduced beforehand talk to your friends
who already have babies search the
internet and figure out what can make
your pregnancy easier and more
comfortable it's not as hard as it may
seem especially when you're ready and
prepared number three
pay close attention to financial
planning after a baby is born your
expenses might very quickly exceed your
income however a moderate amount of
savings can improve the situation your
future baby will require good food and
care try to write a list of things that
you'll need to spend your money on when
you'll become a parent then take an
unbiased look at your income and look
for ways to increase it if it's
necessary
don't worry every problem can be solved
just keep things in perspective number
two you are ready to grow as a parent
your baby is a complex mechanism The
Crying mode can be activated at any
moment and there's no switch to turn it
off immediately you'll have to act by
yourself to cope with the situation
remember these first few months are for
you to figure out your child and for him
or her to figure you out too this time
will never come back so despite all the
difficulties enjoy it while it lasts
children grow up way faster than you
think and number one the decision to
become parents is thoughtful and not
imposed we've all heard the scary
stories about getting old alone with no
one to bring a glass of water or a pair
of socks yes socks are yummy with a
glass of water anyway having a baby is
only your decision you have to think
about your wishes and abilities and
forget about what everyone else thinks
if you and your partner feel it's the
right time and you're ready for all the
responsibilities and difficulties then
go for it don't feel like you need to do
it for somebody or something else
every
has their unique path and besides don't
worry about them growing up too fast
hey there'll be 30 years old and still
living with you so what in your opinion
is the key factor that shows you're
ready to take a major role of a parent
tell us in the comment section below and
if you want to see more videos like this
hit the like button below the video